## how to install the module

Step 1: Unzip the file
Step 2: Create another directory called app/code/Deviget/StoreWishList/
Step 3: Upload the directory app/code/Bss/MODULENAME/ into the root directory of your Magento installation. All directories should match the existing directory structure
Step 4: Go to Magento 2 root directory. Run: bin/magento setup:upgrade; bin/magento setup:di:compile; bin/magento indexer:reindex

## how to use the module
Step 1: Goes to stores -> configuration -> deviget -> Store Wish List
Step 2: Enable the module
Step 3: Set the wish list products ids
Step 4: Access the custom url: http(s)://{{your-base-url}}/storeWishList/add/product?ids={{ids separated by comma}}

# BackendMagento
We ask that you complete the following challenge to evaluate your development skills. Please use the programming language and framework discussed during your interview to accomplish the following task.

## Objective

Create an extension for Magento 2 which will allow users to be directed to a URL on Magento and have a specific product added to their cart.

## Show your work

1.  Create a Public repository
2.  Commit each step of your process so we can follow your thought process.

## Assumptions
1. Assume that the url contains the product id which should be added to the users cart.
2. Once the product is added to the cart, the user should be redirected to their cart.
3. The project should be created in github with an appropriate workflow where needed.
4. The extension should be created within best practice of Magento standards.

## Bonus Goals

These aren’t required, but can add areas of exploration and bonus credit.

a. Validate that the link generated by the trusted website contains the actual product which was designed to be added (and that the URL has not been manipulated in anyway).
b. Allow multiple products to be added in a scalable way from a single request.
c. Time gate the URL so it can only be used within a small window of time after its been generated by the trusted website.

## Time Spent
You need to fully complete the challenge. We suggest not to spend more than 3 days total.  Please make commits as often as possible so we can see the time you spent and please do not make one commit.  We will evaluate the code and time spent.
 
What we want to see is how well you handle yourself given the time you spend on the problem, how you think, and how you prioritize when time is sufficient to solve everything.

Please email your solution as soon as you have completed the challenge or the time is up.
